VEDA blog post (#271)
2i2c-org/2i2c-brochure: content/blog/2024/veda-devseed-collab/index.md

---

> title: Collaborating with DevSeed to deliver cyberinfrastructure for NASA VEDA

Reviewer: Could we say Development Seed instead of DevSeed in the title? Thank you!!

Author: Of course!

Author: ```suggestion
title: Collaborating with Development Seed to deliver cyberinfrastructure for NASA VEDA
```
